(Lucas Swank)
It's like I said, if you ride
with me, you ride in luxury.
This is the place.
You boys are about to
see some of the best duelists
New Domino City has
never heard of.
(Gong)
Gong's not interested.
Finding Yuya and our friends
is more important
than finding out about
some duelists no one knows.
But if this is a place
where duelists gather...
Then Yuya and the others
could be here scouting them.
How do you figure that?
Because it's our job
as Lancers
to find new allies
in this dimension.
And if Lucas is
telling the truth,
this place could be a
duelist gold mine.
We could find an
entire army here,
and since they're
the best of the best,
those fiends from Fusion
won't stand a chance!
If you buy the story this
guy's tryin' to sell us.
(Lucas Swank)
What I sell is 100% pure gold!
I hope you're not tryin'
to insinuate
that Lucas Swank
the premier promoter would lie!
I'll teach you to doubt
the Sultan of Swank.
Now come on!
Let Gong go!
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
So, you don't believe what
the Sultan of Swank is sellin'?
Maybe you'll believe
your eyes.
(crowd cheering)
♪
Oh, my.
What is
this place?
This is New Domino City's numero
uno underground duel arena
where the Commons can let loose
and enjoy a little competition
away from the pryin'
eyes of the Top's cops.
Don't sound legit!
No way we'll find
our friends here!
Oh!
What now?
That's... Shay!
I Xyz Summon!
Take flight Raidraptor
Rise Falcon!
(roaring)
With attack points that
low you should have summoned
a chicken out instead to
match your personality!
(Shay)
Once Rise Falcon's special
ability activates,
we'll see who
tries to fly the coop.
By using one
Overlay Unit,
it gains your monster's
attack points!
Aw, come on!
Let's do this.
Raidraptor Rise Falcon,
finish him!
Ravaging Rebellion!
(crowd, chanting)
Shay all the way, Shay
all the way, Shay all the way!
I'm here for the same
reason you're here,
to find powerful duelists.
You see, Gong,
the kind of duelists
we need to find are in
underground places like this.
I tell ya, these guys are rough,
tough and up to snuff.
I think you're getting
ahead of yourself.
When I heard all
the best duelists
were in the underground,
I got my hopes up.
What a joke.
All the supposed hot shots
are nothing but hot dogs.
These duelists
talk a good game,
but the best of them is
barely second rate.
(laughing)
When Shay Baby pours on that
sweet Xyz Summon sauce of his,
ain't no duelist in town
can shut him down.
As an Xyz master myself, that
doesn't surprise me at all.
So you got some Xyz
summonin' skills as well.
I can't wait to see if the talk
can keep up with the walk.
Trust me, it won't.
The Xyz he learned at the Leo
Institute is laughable at best.
Is that so, Shay?
Then I wonder why
my Xyz monsters
are so much
stronger than yours.
What did you
just say?!
You can settle
this later!
But right now,
you got any idea
where Yuya and
the others might be?
Not a clue.
When I got to this dimension,
I was alone.
Which was
fine by me.
I don't need any
snot‐nosed brat
or some wanna be
heroes getting in my way.
So you haven't even
looked for 'em?!
They're not
my problem.
I only care about finding
strong duelists
because the quicker I do, the
quicker I can leave this world
to attack Fusion Dimension.
Yeah, but, a Lancer's
also got a responsibility
to look out for
his teammates!
What's a Lancer?
And this "dimensions"
mumbo‐jumbo?
We came from
the Standard Dimension
to this Synchro
Dimension‐‐ ow!
You nearly
broke a rib!
So sorry, Gong.
Sometimes my elbow
has a mind of its own.
Is that so?
Ixnay on the imensionday
to the oreignerfay.
Hey, hold the phone.
What's goin' on
behind that hand?
Oh, just checking
my breath.
But let's get back to
the reason why we're here.
You wanted us to
duel, right?
Right.
See I was on the lookout
for some fresh talent
to take on my
main man Shay.
And that is you.
You got somethin',
Dashin' Dennis!
That somethin's
called star quality.
Am I right or
am I right?
(chuckles)
That's quite a compliment
coming from you, Lucas.
You're not thinking
of doing this?
Duh, I've got
star quality.
Then Gong hopes you burn
out like a supernova.
Come on, Gong, they're
dueling on motorcycles.
That's the spice I
need to build me up
from a star to
a superstar!
First things, first,
they're not motorcycles.
They're Duel Runners,
got it?
Ain't you never seen
a Turbo Duel before?
(both)
A Turbo Duel,
what's that?
A long time ago, Turbo
Duels were just the way
some Commons used
to battle.
Really?
Crow told us it started when
a few daredevil Commons dueled
while they were racing through
the highways of New Domino.
They didn't even care
if they got in trouble.
They just wanted to duel
harder and drive faster.
High‐speed dueling
and driving.
Double the action,
double the fun.
That's true, but Turbo Duels
are more than just a good time.
To us they're kind
of like freedom.
(Terron)
The Topsiders try
to keep us down,
but when they're
riding on their Runners
all their problems
go away!
Hey, it's not
much fun over here,
you and Beary wanna go
hang with the others?
Can we go?
I didn't come all this way
for storytime, you know.
Anyhow, that sure rubbed
the Topsiders the wrong way.
They said Turbo Duels
were a menace
to the peace
of New Domino City,
so a specialized unit of Sector
Security was created
to go after them:
the Duel Chasers.
Duel Chasers, huh?
Yeah, they're an elite
Duel Runner task force,
and if you lose
to them...
They throw you in
"The Facility" right away!
Just for dueling?
When my father's mayor, he'll
put a stop to such nonsense.
Good thing luck
was on our side.
(Yuya)
If Crow didn't show up, Security
would've gotten us, too.
(Crow)
They take more
than just people.
(all)
Crow!
Topsiders and
Sector Security
basically stole Turbo Dueling
from us, too.
You mean...
No one around here
is doing it anymore?
Well, not for fun.
Now we're forced into Turbo
Duels to entertain Topsiders.
What do
you mean?
When Security chases one of
us Commons on the highway,
they transform it
into a Combat Lane
and broadcast the whole
thing on live TV.
It stinks.
Anyway, I just took a quick
loop around the neighborhood
and Security's everywhere,
so if you wanna stay off their
radar, chill here for a while.
All of you.
So, because of a few
cops on motorbikes,
you scurried back here
to hide like a rat?
What'd you say?
Celina!
And you didn't find any
news about our friends!
Celina, you owe Crow an
apology, he's helping us!
Fine, but he needs to learn
how to help better!
You know what, forget
it, I'll handle it.
Wait, where
are you going?
Where else?
To dig up some
information myself!
If you wanna get yourself
caught, go ahead.
I think that's a risk
I'm willing to take, too.
I need to get some
fresh air.
My nose doesn't deserve
this kind of treatment.
I'm gonna
go find Declan.
The sooner I find him,
the sooner I get out of
this garbage dump.
Declan?
(Yuya)
We need to stick
together, don't leave!
Riley, Sylvio!
Just great!
Now I'm worse off
than when I started.
Turbo Dueling is
a snap, yep!
Racing around the track,
throwing caution to
the wind, taking center stage!
I was made for this!
Oh, how I'd love
to try it.
How about you, Gong?
Oh, no,
not Gong.
Gong don't have
time for duels.
Gong's gotta find
Yuya and the others!
(groaning)
But what a stage.
(crowd, chanting)
We want Shay, we want Shay,
we want Shay, we want Shay...
That crowd sure gets an
entertainer's blood pumping.
Makes me want to change
those cheers for Shay
into cheers for Dennis.
(laughing)
My instincts
were right.
Dashin' Dennis
is gonna be a hit!
(whimpering)
So, let's
get it on!
A Turbo Duel between Shay Baby
and Dashin' Dennis!
Shay, we both know we need
Yuya to take down Fusion,
so let's stop this Turbo Duelin'
nonsense and go find him.
There's more to this duel
than you realize, Gong.
There's bigger
things at stake.
It's a feeder to get into
the Friendship Cup.
What's this
Friendship Cup?
(Lucas Swank)
It's New Domino City's
biggest duel tournament.
As a kind of symbol of harmony
between Topsiders and Commons,
the best duelists get together
for this festival once a year.
And the winner... ha!
The winner gets to battle
Mr. Jack Atlas,
the Master
of Faster himself.
The Master of Faster?
Sounds like he knows how to
put the petal to the metal.
Jack Atlas is New Domino
City's‐‐ no, make that
the world's greatest, strongest,
most powerful duel champion!
Then I have to
duel down here, Gong.
And why's that?
Because if the greatest duelists
are in the Friendship Cup,
I gotta qualify
for that tournament.
That's the best way to
meet the best duelists
this dimension
has to offer
and get them to
join our Lancers team!
And they'll definitely want to
join us once I beat Jack Atlas.
Only you won't battle
Jack Atlas, I will.
Maybe so.
But only if you
can defeat me first.
Gong gives up.
(to himself)
Gong's finally
hit bottom.
Hey, now!
This is the Sultan of Swank
asking you to make some noise
for my rockin' rings, thrillin'
threads and because
we're about to
get the gettin' on!
It's time to
Turbo Duel!
Just one more victory
makes it ten in a row
for Superstar Shay, which
gives him a guaranteed
go at the Friendship Cup!
But now, there's a red‐headed
stranger standin' in Shay's way.
The bright, blazin' new
starshootin' into the
stadium
is my latest and
greatestduelin' discovery!
Make some noise for thelean,
mean duelin' machine,
Dashin' DennisMcField!
And now, give it
up for the undefeated
underground
champion, Sweet Baby Shay!
We got some new rulesjust
for this match.
Dashin' Dennis starts
with4000 life points like
normal,
NNbut nine‐time winner Shay, he
gets just a thousand!
Listen up, some of
you might be thinkin',
this challenge is just too
tough for Shay to overcome,
but isn't overcoming challenges
what a champion's got to do
to become a champion?
Now, let's get the
action in traction!
I'm so diggin'
Dashin' Dennis!
My gut's got Shay
goin' all the way!
Hope there are no hard
feelings after I win.
You win?
I don't think so.
Enough idling' around.
What say we get
those engines roarin'!
Go Speed World Neo!
(computer voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Auto‐pilot activated.
(Lucas Swank)
Lemme here you
scream for the green!
(beeping, tires squealing)
Let's duel!
Lemme show you
how it's done!
First up, I'm summoning
Raidraptor Skull Eagle!
Following that, I'm activating
the spell Raidraptor Call!
This'll let me summon a
second Raidraptor Skull Eagle.
And now I'll build
the Overlay Network
with my two
Skull Eagles.
I Xyz Summon!
Raidraptor
Fiend Eagle!
And thanks to my Skull
Eagle's special abilities,
my Fiend Eagle's attack
points soar to 1600.
Finally, I activate Fiend
Eagle's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
you take damage equal to
my Eagle's attack points!
(Dennis)
I gotta ground
that bird.
(Shay)
I place one card face
down and end my turn.
That's why Shay
is the man to beat.
First he floors it,
then he soars it!
He's not wastin' any time
showin' why he rules the
road.
Is Dashin' Dennis in
over his red head?
Don't count
me out!
I'm gonna put
Shay to shame.
Now it's time to get
this show on the road.
Since you've got a high‐flying
feathered friend on the field,
I can get my own
game off the ground
and summon my Trusty
Performage Wind Drainer!
When it's brought out,
its level goes down by one.
This is sure to level
the playing field.
I summon Performage
Ball Balancer!
I overlay wind drainer
and Ball Balancer
to build
the Overlay Network!
Ladies and gentlemen,
I present to you
the fearless, peerless
flying prestidigitator!
I Xyz Summon Performage
Trapeze Magician!
He can Xyz
Summon too?!
McField is Mc‐mazing!
I use Fiend Eagles
other Overlay Unit
to activate its
special ability!
So, once again your life points
are gonna do a disappearing act
because you
take damage equal
to Trapeze Magician's
attack points!
This could be curtains
for Dashin' Dennis!
Trapeze Magician's
got 2500 attack points!
McField has 2400
life points!
If this works...
It's the end of
the road for him.
Due to my Magician's
special ability,
my life points are protected
so I take no damage!
(giggling)
Now I'm using one of Trapeze
Magician's Overlay Units
which lets
it attack twice!
Trapeze Magician, make
that Eagle vanish!
(Lucas Swank)
Dennis just turned
this duel upside down!
Now he's got Shay
on the run!
(Lucas Swank)
Dennis just turned
this duel upside down!
Now he's got Shay
on the run!
Shay's only got
100 life points!
Yeah, he's almost
runnin' on empty!
Trapeze Magician, what do
you say we end this show
with a little
hocus pocus?
I activate the
trap Necro Raptor!
It blocks your
monster's attack.
And lets me summon one
Raidraptor from the graveyard:
Raidraptor Fiend Eagle,
come on back!
(gasping)
I can see why you
won nine in a row,
but winning ten isn't
in the cards!
Dennis is ridin' 'n
drivin' n' groovin' 'n provin'
that he's more than a
match for our Shay!
Unlike the other
Leos I've met,
you seem to know
what you're doing,
and that's not
the Leo way!
I'm activating
the spell card
Rank‐Up‐Magic
Raid Force!
I use Raidraptor
Fiend Eagle
to Xyz Summon another Raidraptor
that's one Rank higher!
Raidraptor
Force Strix!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Force Strix lets me
add Raidraptor Necro Vulture
to my hand and summon it!
Then I tribute Necro Vulture to
activate its special ability!
It lets me retrieve
Rank‐Up‐Magic Revolution Force
from my graveyard
and activate it again!
I use Force Strix to
Xyz Summon a Raidraptor
that's one Rank
higher!
Terror of the skies,
predator of blazing force,
with wings that slash,
and talons that tear.
Go Rank Up Xyz
Evolution!
Rise up Rank 5
Raidraptor Blaze Falcon!
By using one overlay unit Blaze
Falcon's special ability
destroys your monster and
deals you 500 points of damage.
(yelping)
Trapeze Magician!
Has gone bye‐bye!
And your life points
are about to vanish, too,
once I activate
Raptor's Ultimate Mace!
I equip it on Blaze Falcon
to raise its attack
points by a thousand!
You're done!
Blaze Falcon attacks you
directly!
(Lucas Swank)
Dennis has only
1900 life points!
This will wipe him out!
Don't count on it!
When your monster
attacks me directly,
Performage Ball Balancer's
special ability
lets me summon it
from the graveyard.
(Shay)
You're wasting
your time, McField.
Blaze Falcon can
attack you directly
even if you have a
monster to defend with.
I activate
Pinch Breaker!
Your monster's attack
points become the same
as my monster's
defense points.
So, it won't be strong
enough to finish me off.
Dashin' Dennis just
took a big hit,
but that redhead's
keepin' it together.
You're not out of
the woods yet!
When Blaze Falcon
deals you damage,
it also gets to
destroy your monster.
Man, not only did he
blast my Balancer,
but his Blaze Falcon's attack
points go back up to 2000.
I place one card face
down and end my turn.
You're not as incompetent as
the other Leo duelists I faced.
Are you really
from Leo?
Of course.
(Lucas Swank)
They're down to just a
hundred life points each!
I have no clue who's
gonna win!
We should give these
people what they came for.
Let's end with a
show stopper.
Folks, feast your
peepers on this.
I've set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale 2 Performage Water Dancer
and Scale 6 Performage
Fire Dancer!
Now I can summon monsters
between Level 3 and 5
all at
the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Now taking center
stage are a pair
of Performage
Wing Sandwichmen!
And a true balancing act,
Performage Ball Balancer.
A Pendulum Summon?
That move has all sorts of
crazy written all over it?
(laughing)
Just when I thought
I knew what was going on,
they change the script,
and I'm loving it!
(Jean Michel Roget)
A Pendulum Summon?
(woman)
At an underground duel field
beneath New Domino City.
Send our
agents there now.
We have found our
fugitives.
(woman)
Right away, sir!
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪